Managing audit logs
Audit logs show all the changes made in the system. Audit logs include the date, event, user who made the change, a reference identifier, and details of the change.

The time zone for Third-Party Manager is UTC except for workflows. The time zone cannot be changed.

View an audit log for a third-party
To view the audit log for a specific third-party, follow these steps:

From the Dashboard's left menu or the link at the top of the page, select Third Party Management.
On the Third Party List grid, select the third-party.
On the Record Detail tab, select the Audit Log tab.
Select Include caseClosed logs to display the logs associated for a case. A case can be a formClosed (questionnaire) sent or an investigation, such as an Open Source Investigation.
View an audit log for a third-party case
To view the audit logs for a third-party's case, follow these steps:

From the Dashboard's left menu or the link at the top of the page, select Case Management.
On the Case List grid, select the case.
On the Case Folder tab, select the Audit Log tab.
View and export audit logs (system wide)
You can filter system wide audit logs and export log information to a csv file. Filters include:

A date range.
Your events or all user events for the date range specified.
One or more event types or all event types.
(Optional) A specific Reference identifier. For a third-party, the Reference identifier is the Profile #.
For a case, the Reference identifier is the Case #.
Actions that are unrelated to a specific case or third-party display but are not assigned a Reference identifier. These include logging in, creating a risk modelClosed, updating a setting, updating a custom fieldClosed, adding a renewal rule, adding a new user, and so on.
To view and, optionally export, an audit log:

From the Dashboard's left menu or the link at the top of the page, select Settings.

Select the Audit Log tab.

Perform the following actions, as needed, then click the Refresh button.

Enter dates in the From and through date fields to view events for the range.

Select My Events to see the audit logs for events you performed. Deselect My Events to see all users' changes.

Select Events and select events you want displayed:

Check All (or check selected events): Display events with and without References identifiers.

Uncheck All: Only items without Reference identifiers display. These include logging in, creating a risk model, updating a setting, updating a custom field, adding a renewal rule, adding a new user, and so on.

Invert All: Select Invert All to deselect the selected items and select the items previously not selected.

To search on a Reference identifier (Profile # or Case #), enter the identifier then select the Refresh button.
To export the grid information displayed to a csv file, select the Export button.